So the first thing we do is create
an ESLint config file eslint.rc.js
that's cause it's a JavaScript file.
And inside of that, we're going to
set our exports for the config and
inside of that, we're going to set
three different properties we're going
to set extends, this allows us to
extend and expand on existing config
that we may import from elsewhere.
Plugins this allows us to install
plugins and add extra functionality
and rule, these allow us to
specify specific individual rules
that we want this to follow.
first inside of the ESLint extends, I want
to extend out the Airbnb ESLint config.
This is a really good starting point
if you don't really know what you want
to sort out, you can work from the rs.
I don't have any plugins that
I want to use, but I do want
to specify some other rules.
These  are rules that either Airbnb hasn't
specified for, or I don't like the way
that they've done things so I can go
through it and specifically set rules
that I want to be setting in my config.
the next thing I want to do is I
want to go through and run this
from the command line in my project.
So I'm going to go npm run test:eslint
which is a command I've already set
up to go through and to run ESLint.
I want it to output the results to
a file and I want it to format it as
JSON and as I expected, it has got a
bunch of errors and this has failed.
And so if I have a look inside my tests
folder is an eslint.json file This has
now gone through and given me a bunch of
errors, for when things aren't the way
that I want it to be with the config.
So I can go through and
have a look at these here.
for example, here I can see inside
of my ESLint config file the rule for
no mixed spaces and tabs, on line 27.
So line 27, there.
So I can go through and fix that there.